Update bitlocker-upgrading-faq.md (#9214)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/information-protection/bitlocker/bitlocker-upgrading-faq.md

**Suspend** keeps the data encrypted but encrypts the BitLocker volume master key with a clear key. The clear key is a cryptographic key stored unencrypted and unprotected on the disk drive. By storing this key unencrypted, the **Suspend** option allows for changes or upgrades to the computer without the time and cost of decrypting and re-encrypting the entire drive. After the changes are made and BitLocker is again enabled, BitLocker will reseal the encryption key to the new values of the measured components that changed as a part of the upgrade, the volume master key is changed, the protectors are updated to match and the clear key is erased.

## Do I have to suspend BitLocker protection to download and install system updates and upgrades?

No user action is required for BitLocker in order to apply updates from Microsoft, including [Windows quality updates and feature updates](https://technet.microsoft.com/itpro/windows/manage/waas-quick-start). 
Users need to suspend BitLocker for Non-Microsoft software updates, such as:   

> -	Some TPM firmware updates if these update clears TPM outside of Windows API. Not every TPM firmware update will clear the TPM and this happens if known vulnerability has been discovered in the TPM firmware.  User doesn’t have suspend BitLocker if TPM firmware update uses Windows API to clear TPM because in this case BitLocker will be automatically suspended. We recommend users testing their TPM firmware updates if they don’t want to suspend BitLocker protection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Some TPM firmware updates if these updates clear TPM outside of Windows API. Not every TPM firmware update will clear the TPM and this happens if a known vulnerability has been discovered in the TPM firmware. Users don’t have to suspend BitLocker if the TPM firmware update uses Windows API to clear TPM because in this case BitLocker will be automatically suspended. We recommend users testing their TPM firmware updates if they don’t want to suspend BitLocker protection.
```

Reviewer 2: To my mind, it looks as if there should be a definite article "the" between "clear" and "TPM" as well as in front of "Windows API"; something like this:
```suggestion
-	Some TPM firmware updates if these updates clear the TPM outside of the Windows API. Not every TPM firmware update will clear the TPM and this happens if a known vulnerability has been discovered in the TPM firmware.  Users don’t have to suspend BitLocker if the TPM firmware update uses Windows API to clear TPM, because in this case, BitLocker will automatically be suspended. We recommend that users test their TPM firmware updates if they don’t want to suspend BitLocker protection.
```
Also: added some more suggestions for the rest of the paragraph. Does my suggestion look usable?

> -	Some TPM firmware updates if these update clears TPM outside of Windows API. Not every TPM firmware update will clear the TPM and this happens if known vulnerability has been discovered in the TPM firmware.  User doesn’t have suspend BitLocker if TPM firmware update uses Windows API to clear TPM because in this case BitLocker will be automatically suspended. We recommend users testing their TPM firmware updates if they don’t want to suspend BitLocker protection.

Reviewer: Final suggestion.

> -	Non-Microsoft application updates that modify UEFI\BIOS configuration 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Non-Microsoft application updates that modify the UEFI\BIOS configuration.
```

> -	Manual or 3rd party updates to secure boot databases (only If BitLocker uses Secure Boot for Integrity validation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Manual or third-party updates to secure boot databases (only if BitLocker uses Secure Boot for integrity validation).
```

> -	Updates to UEFI\BIOS firmware, installation of additional UEFI drivers or UEFI applications without using Windows Update mechanism (only If BitLocker does not use Secure Boot for Integrity validation and you update)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	Updates to UEFI\BIOS firmware, installation of additional UEFI drivers, or UEFI applications without using the Windows update mechanism (only if you update and BitLocker does not use Secure Boot for integrity validation).
```

>  -	You can check if BitLocker uses Secure Boot for integrity validation with manage-bde -protectors -get C: (and see if "Uses Secure Boot for integrity validation" is reported)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 -	You can check if BitLocker uses Secure Boot for integrity validation with manage-bde -protectors -get C: (and see if "Uses Secure Boot for integrity validation" is reported).
```
